docs: improve contibuting guidelines (#4)
ATOS-DESIGN/.github: CONTRIBUTING.md

- **Determine [which repository the enhancement should be suggested in](#atos-design-system-and-packages)**.
- **Perform a [cursory search](https://github.com/search?q=+is%3Aissue+org%3AATOS-DESIGN** to see if the enhancement has already been suggested. If it has, add a comment to the existing issue instead of opening a new one.

#### How Do I Submit A (Good) Enhancement Suggestion?

Enhancement suggestions are tracked as [GitHub issues](https://guides.github.com/features/issues/). After you've determined [which repository](#atos-design-system-and-packages) your enhancement suggestion is related to, create an issue on that repository and provide the following information:

- **Use a clear and descriptive title** for the issue to identify the suggestion.
- **Provide a step-by-step description of the suggested enhancement** in as many details as possible.
- **Provide specific examples to demonstrate the steps**. Include copy/pasteable snippets which you use in those examples, as [Markdown code blocks](https://help.github.com/articles/markdown-basics/#multiple-lines).
- **Describe the current behavior** and **explain which behavior you expected to see instead** and why.

> - **Include screenshots and animated GIFs** which help you demonstrate the steps or point out the part of Atom which the suggestion is related to. You can use [this tool](https://www.cockos.com/licecap/) to record GIFs on macOS and Windows, and [this tool](https://github.com/colinkeenan/silentcast) or [this tool](https://github.com/GNOME/byzanz) on Linux.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Include screenshots and animated GIFs** which help you demonstrate the steps or point out the part of Atos Design System which the suggestion is related to. You can use [this tool](https://www.cockos.com/licecap/) to record GIFs on macOS and Windows, and [this tool](https://github.com/colinkeenan/silentcast) or [this tool](https://github.com/GNOME/byzanz) on Linux.
```

- **Explain why this enhancement would be useful** to most Atos Design System users and isn't something that can or should be implemented as a [community package](#atos-design-system-and-packages).
- **List some other design systems or applications where this enhancement exists.**
- **Specify which version of the Atos Design System are you using?** You can get the exact version from the package-lock.json file in your project.
- **Specify the name and version of the OS you're using.**

### Your First Code Contribution

> Unsure where to begin contributing to Atom? You can start by looking through these [🆘 help wanted](https://github.com/ATOS-DESIGN/web/search?q=org%3AATOS-DESIGN+type%3Aissues+label%3A%F0%9F%86%98+help+wanted) issues:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unsure where to begin contributing to Atos Design System? You can start by looking through these [🆘 help wanted](https://github.com/ATOS-DESIGN/web/search?q=org%3AATOS-DESIGN+type%3Aissues+label%3A%F0%9F%86%98+help+wanted) issues:
```
